docs: rearrange READMEs (#397)
canonical/starbase: .github/README.md

        1. `ruff check --fix`
        2. `ruff check --fix --unsafe-fixes`
        3. `ruff check --add-noqa`
        4. `ruff format`

    3. Replace use of black, flake8, pydocstyle, isort, and pylint in Makefile/CI with:
        - `ruff check --fix`
        - `ruff format`

3. Modify top-level files in your project to match what's in Starbase as closely as
   possible.

    1. `Makefile` – Ensure you use `uv` and at least have the same targets:

        - `setup`
        - `lint`
        - `test-unit`
        - `test-integration` (If this applies to your repo, i.e. the repo is a library
          rather than an application)
        - `coverage`

    2. `pyproject.toml` – Expand from just the ruff things: move things into here from
       your `setup.py`, `setup.cfg`, and `requirements.*.txt`.

    3. Project files – If any of the repository docs (README, CONTRIBUTING, and so on)
       aren't written in Markdown, convert them to `.md` with pandoc:

        `pandoc -o README.md README.rst`

        Be sure to review the changes it makes. Pandoc sometimes does unexpected things
        when interpreting reStructuredText directives.

>     4. `README.md` – Base the contents of the README on the provided [README
>        template](README-template.md). Try and align with the model as closely as you
>        can. For an example of this template in use, refer to the [Snapcraft
>        README](https://github.com/canonical/snapcraft/blob/6fa334402a1ebaa6ff58064d49f1f46fd01fb404/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. `README.md` – Base the contents of the README on the one in this reposiory.
        Try and preserve the structure as closely as you can. For an example of this 
        template in use, refer to the [Snapcraft README](https://github.com/canonical/snapcraft/blob/6fa334402a1ebaa6ff58064d49f1f46fd01fb404/README.md).
```

   to create your repository.

2. Sync the Git history with starbase to ease future merging:

    - `git clone <your-repo>`
    - `git remote add starbase git@github.com:canonical/starbase.git`
    - `git fetch starbase main`
    - `git merge --allow-unrelated-histories starbase/main`
    - `git push -f origin main`
    - `git remote remove starbase`

3. Ensure the `LICENSE` file represents the current best practices from the Canonical
   legal team for the specific project you intend to release. We use LGPL v3 for
   libraries, and GPL v3 for apps.

4. Rename any files or directories and ensure references are updated.

5. Replace any instances of the words `Starcraft` and `starbase` with the product's
   name.

6. Place contact information in a code of conduct.

7. Rewrite the README.

8. If a Diataxis quadrant (tutorials, how-tos, references, explanations) doesn't yet
   have content, remove its landing page from the TOC and delete its card in
   `docs/index.rst`. You can re-index it when at least one document has been produced
   for it.

9. Register the product's documentation on our custom domain on [Read the Docs for

>    Business](https://library.canonical.com/documentation/publish-on-read-the-docs)

Reviewer: ```markdown
10. Delete `.github/README.md`.
```
?
